# Microsoft Computational Network Toolkit (CNTK)

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: 

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## THIRD PARTY NOTICES

This project is based on or incorporates material from the projects listed below (Third Party IP). The original copyright notice and the license under which Microsoft received such Third Party IP, are set forth below. Such licenses and notices are provided for informational purposes only. Where permitted, Microsoft licenses the Third Party IP to you under the licensing terms for the Microsoft product. Microsoft reserves all other rights not expressly granted under this agreement, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise.

### a. BOOST C++ LIBRARIES

Copyright Beman Dawes, David Abrahams, 1998-2005.  
Copyright Rene Rivera 2004-2007.

Provided for Informational Purposes Only

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

### b. ATIS DATASETS

CNTK distribution contains a subset of ATIS Datasets:

Hemphill, Charles, et al. ATIS0 Complete LDC93S4A. Web Download. Philadelphia: Linguistic Data Consortium, 1993.

Garofolo, John, et al. ATIS2 LDC93S5. Web Download. Philadelphia: Linguistic Data Consortium, 1993.

Dahl, Deborah, et al. ATIS3 Test Data LDC95S26. Web Download. Philadelphia: Linguistic Data Consortium, 1995.

Dahl, Deborah, et al. ATIS3 Training Data LDC94S19. Web Download. Philadelphia: Linguistic Data Consortium, 1994.

### c. TIMIT ACOUSTIC-PHONETIC CONTINUOUS SPEECH CORPUS

CNTK distribution contains a subset of TIMIT Acoustic-Phonetic Continuous Speech Corpus:

Garofolo, John, et al. TIMIT Acoustic-Phonetic Continuous Speech Corpus LDC93S1. Web Download. Philadelphia: Linguistic Data Consortium, 1993.

### d. THE PENN TREEBANK PROJECT

CNTK distribution contains a subset of the data of The Penn Treebank Project:

Marcus, Mitchell, Beatrice Santorini, and Mary Ann Marcinkiewicz. Treebank-2 LDC95T7. Web Download. Philadelphia: Linguistic Data Consortium, 1995.

### e. THE CMU AUDIO DATABASES

CNTK distribution contains a subset of the CMU Audio Databases
Copyright (c) 1991-2005 Carnegie Mellon University.  All rights reserved.

### f. THE MNIST DATABASE OF HANDWRITTEN DIGITS

CNTK distribution contains a subset of the MNIST Database of Handwritten Digits
